 Hooks: 
 Education 
 This is how to (industry tip/hack) in under 60 seconds 
 Next time you do X and you want (dream result) do this immediately before/during/after 
 Here is a (industry) hack that most people don’t know about 
 Have you ever wondered how to get (dream result) don’t worry I won’t gate-keep here is exactly 
 how 
 Unethical ways to get (dream result) 
 Here is a (industry) hack I bet you didn’t know, I kind of wanted to gate-keep this but screw it I 
 am feeling generous. 
 If YOU want (desired result) then listen up) 
 I made 10 times more X when I put all my effort towards X 
 The greatest X of our generation said (valuable industry advice person said) 
 I have made/done/grown (desired result) here are 3 things I wish I knew earlier 
 (industry) hack I bet you didn't know about 
 I studied the top 10 (Ex. body builders, marketers, business owners, etc) of the last decade and 
 here are the 3 things they all had in common 
 I studied (huge number) (industry related item) here are the top 10 best X - ex. I studied 1,237 
 viral hooks and here are the top 10 best preforming hooks 
 This (Industry related website/tool/software/book) is so good it should be illegal 
 I am going to tell you what took me X years to learn in 60 seconds about (industry) 
 If I new what I was about to tell you when I was 20 I would be so (dream result) today. 
 I did/or didn’t do X for 30 days straight and here are the results 
 Here is a secret (industry) tip/hack that helped me achieve (dream result) 
 This may just be the most important video you watch today. 
 The top .1% of (insert avatar) don’t want you to know this one secret. 

 Myths 
 You’re being brainwashed into believing this (industry) myth. 
 If I had a dollar for every time I saw someone falling for (industry myth) I would be rich son of 
 a… 
 Why (popular industry belief) is complete BS 
 The oldest lady to ever lived drank and smoked cigarettes until she was 116 years old. So if you 
 believe you have to be perfect to achieve X your wrong. 
 Not seeing (dream result) then you might be falling for this common (industry) myth that’s 
 stealing your results 
 Here are 5 common myths popular (niche) influencers want you to believe 
 Here are the top (number) (industry) myths you are being fooled by that are ruining your 
 chances of achieving (dream result) 
 If you are doing (insert industry myth) you can 100% guarantee you will never achieve (dream 
 result) here's why 
 -controversial statement about your industry revolving around myth- ex. yellow bananas make 
 you fat 
 Remember when you were a kid and your parents used to tell you (industry related myth) Well 
 they were lying to you… 
 Doing (industry myth) is like taking relationship advice from someone who was divorced 7 times. 
 It's not going to get you very far when trying to achieve (dream result) 
 Remember when your mom used to tell you “if you keep making that face, it'll stay that way”. 
 Well (industry myth) is about as true as that. But instead of mom wanting you to believe that it’s 
 marketers who want you to buy. 
 (industry myth) is about as true as Santa Clause. I mean obviously he is real (wink) 
 Saying (industry myth) is like saying I am the rock (flex your arm) its complete BS. 
 Marketers want you to believe (industry myth) so you will buy their products but here is why that 
 isn't actually true 
 I would bet (something very important to you) that the reason you aren’t achieving X is because 
 your falling for (industry myth) 

 I didn’t do (industry myth) for 365 days straight and here are the results. SIKE I have not done 
 this for YEARS because it’s a common (industry) myth that a ton of people fall for when trying to 
 achieve (dream result) 
 You have better odds getting a letter being invited to Hogwarts than achieving (dream result) by 
 doing (industry myth) 
 (industry myth) is about as real as vampires, dragons, and fairy’s. They aren't true… 
 I am going to make a lot of people angry by saying this but you have been lied too and deserve 
 to know the truth. You know how people say (insert myth) well thats not actually true… 
 Step-by-Step Systems 
 I charge my clients $X-$X per year, and today I am going to show you my favorite (insert 
 industry) strategy so you can steal it and use it for yourself. 
 This is how to (industry-related thing you will teach them) in under 60 seconds. 
 What should you do if you want to (industry-related result) in (timeframe) 
 X is overrated heres how to actually get (dream result) 
 Here is how to double, triple, or even 10X your (desired result) in 3 steps 
 I am going to show you how to hack the X in 30 seconds 
 I should be charging for what I am about to tell you! 
 The top .1% of (avatar) do this 
 Heres how to get your (desired result) in X steps 
 This is YOUR SIGN to finally start X. Here are the first X steps you need to take! 
 I studied the top 10 (avatar) of the last decade and here is the X step framework they all follow 
 to achieve (dream result) 
 Want to impress all your (avatar - ex. golf buddies) with (desired result) here is the exact step by 
 step process to get there. Trust me the look on their face will be so worth it 
 If you only have X hours per week to achieve (dream result) here is what you should do 
 If I only had 1 hour a day to work on (dream result) this is exactly step by step what I would do 
 If I only had 30 days to achieve (dream result) here is a breakdown of what I would do 
 If I could only do 1 thing to achieve (dream result) I would do X 

 I have (dream result) but if I had to start from scratch today this is a breakdown of exactly what I 
 would do 
 Here is a breakdown on how to get (dream result) in under 60 seconds 
 The secret strategy to (dream result) is right under your nose… Because you are probably 
 holding your phone under your nose right now and I am about to tell you. 
 Here is an exact breakdown of how to achieve (dream result) that they don’t teach you at school 
 Common Mistakes 
 If you are stuck at/with (industry-related pain point) and you want (dream result) then you got to 
 stop making this (industry) mistake. 
 You need to stop (common industry related task)! Well… at least until you do this one thing first 
 (common industry mistake) is destroying your (insert dream result) 
 Your throwing (dream results) under the freaking bus if you are doing this! 
 If I had a dollar for every time I saw someone falling for this common (industry) mistake I would 
 be rich son of a…. 
 X is dead, stop focusing on it for (desired result) 
 I have been an X for over X years, here are 3 common mistakes I see newbies make that you 
 should avoid 
 Stop making this (common mistake) it will just give your mother-in-law one more reason to hate 
 you 
 Here are 3 newbie (industry) mistakes you should avoid to see (dream result) 10x faster 
 You need to (common mistake) at least that what all the gurus are trying to tell you but their 
 WRONG 
 (common industry mistake) is like bringing a knife to a gun fight… You are the only one who is 
 going to end up getting hurt in the process. 
 You would see better results (ridiculous way to see results) than (insert common mistake) 
 Making this (industry) mistake is the equivalent to going to the gym to get fit but only eating junk. 
 You will never achieve your desired results, yet so many people still do it. Here is why you need 
 to stop now! 

 You have a better chance winning the lottery than achieving (dream result) doing (common 
 mistake) 
 You have a better chance of beating the rock in an arm wrestling competition than achieving 
 (dream result) doing (common mistake) 
 I am literally shooting myself in the foot by telling this but I am feeling generous so here is my 
 exact strategy to getting (dream result you charge people to help get) 
 Here are X things you should avoid like the plague if you want (dream result) 
 I am going to upset a lot of people by saying this but (insert common mistake) wont actually get 
 you (dream result) here is why 
 You have been told by your parents, teachers, and authority figures that (common mistake) will 
 get you (dream result). I am a (title) who has achieved (dream result) and helped many others 
 do the same. Here is exactly why this is wrong. 
 Want to know why most people fail at (dream result) it’s not because their lazy/dumb its actually 
 because of this (industry) common mistake 
 Authority 
 This week/month/year I dream result) using this method. 
 This strategy helped me get X in X days, here is exactly how I did it 
 I have done 291,200 (task ex. calf raises) in the last decade here is the best way to achieve 
 (dream result) 
 I went from X to X in X (days/months/years) here is exactly how we did it so you can to 
 I took my client from X to X in X (days/months/years) here is exactly how we did it so you can to. 
 I should be charging you for this information! 
 Steal my strategy to get (ideal customers dream result) 
 I am going to show you how I did X for my client in less than 1 hour 
 If you had (common industry problem) and hired me to get you too (dream result) in just X days, 
 these are the main X things we would do 
 I’m going to show YOU how I helped/created (industry related result) in (X time) 
 Take if from someone who has been in the industry for X years/decades, here is the best way to 
 achieve (dream result) 

 - play a viral video for 5 seconds that relates to your niche- give your professional opinion after 
 I have worked with over X clients, you can practically call me the Gandhi of (industry). Here is 
 how you actually get (dream result). 
 You take advice from a doctor when your sick, you take advice from (your name) when your 
 trying to get (dream result). Here are the 3 best ways I teach my clients to achieve that. 
 (insert jaw dropping statistic) my name is (your name) and I am a (title) and this is 100% 
 accurate 
 Here are 5 hard truths about (industry/niche) from a (title) 
 I only work on my (dream result) for X minutes per week and it looks like this/or make me $ per 
 year 
 Do you feel (ideal customer pain point) I am a (title) and I have help people go from X to X in X 
 (time). Here is the best thing you can do… 
 I am a (title) and here are the top X things someone with (Characteristic or item - ex. money or 
 depression) wants you to know 
 Would you take advice from someone who has (dream result you have achieved) if your answer 
 is yes I have done that for myself and a ton of my clients. Here is my best advice when it comes 
 to achieving (dream result) 
 Who would you rather A) take advice from someone who achieved (dream result) or B) 
 someone who repeats information but hasn't actually done the thing. Most people will answer A 
 but they do the opposite and learn from a college professor teaching stuff they haven’t done in 
 real life. Here are X things you should know if you want to achieve (dream result) that a college 
 professor wont teach you. 
 CTA Scripts: 
 Engagement (like, comment, save, share) 
 Tag someone below who needs to hear this! 
 Remember to save this post for the next time you do X! 
 Drop a 'X' emoji if you agree! 
 Share this with your best-friend/mom/golf buddy! 
 Double tap if you found this valuable! 

 Want to remember this? Make sure to save this post! 
 Comment below your opinion on X! 
 Still confused? Comment below you questions! 
 Would you do this? Yes or no? Comment below! 
 Do you know a (avatar) make sure to share this them! 
 Share this with the person you thought of! 
 Comment questions you have about (industry) and I will answer them in the next videos! 
 If you found this relatable make sure to drop a like! 
 Follow 
 Follow for more (industry) education! 
 Follow @_______ for more (industry) tips! 
 Want to see more content like this? Make sure to follow! 
 If you actually found this post valuable make sure to follow because I post stuff like this 
 everyday! 
 Want more (industry) tips/hacks for the Free? Make sure to follow! 
 Want to achieve (dream result) but not sure how? Follow for more (industry) content where I 
 show you exactly how too! 
 I share all the secrets when it comes to getting (dream result). Don’t believe me? Follow and 
 find out! 
 Do you want to achieve (dream result) but have no idea where to start? Follow for all the 
 education you could possibly need! 
 I am an (title) and if you want to learn more (industry) education make sure to follow! 
 I have been a (title) for the last X years. On my page I share all the lessons I have learned. 
 Interested? make sure to follow! 
 On my page I am sharing all the secrets that helped me achieve (dream result) make sure to 
 follow so you don’t miss it! 
 Are you a (avatar) make sure to follow for more (industry) related content! 

 I have done (huge number) of X… want to learn how to do the same? Make sure to follow! 
 Sales 
 Want to learn more information about (product/service)? Tap the link in my bio. 
 DM me the word “X” for more information! 
 Want results like this? DM me “X” to schedule a 1:1 call! 
 Want more information? Click on my (highlight name) highlight! 
 Still confused but what to learn more? Click the link in my bio for more information! 
 DM me to find out how you can go from X to (dream result)! 
 Ready to take action? DM me the word “X”! 
 Click the link in my bio to download your free X! 
 DM me for the link 
 Ready to save £X? Buy today with code [insert code] 
 Hurry! Limited spaces remaining! Click the link in my bio to register. 
 Ready to hire out X? Click the link in my bio to see if we would be a good fit! 
 Interested? Click the link and book a discovery call to learn more! 